you are now watching a Lucky Penny shop
product feature hey its Lucky Penny shop
and it's book reading time with books
from Lucky Penny shop it's a Godzilla
attack of the baby Godzilla's based on
the screenplay written by Dean Devlin
and roland emmerich with photos from the
Tristar pictures movie event it's a
Scholastic book from let's say the name
let me see 1998 yes 1998 so what do we
do well we'll just show you we can't
reach anything but it is based off the
movie see this is a movie scene Godzilla
was a lizard that had been transformed
by radiation the result of nuclear
testing I'm trying to think here yeah I
did see this movie I do remember seeing
it I don't think it did too well for
whatever reason you know I don't know I
don't remember I'm just talking off the
cuff here so I can't say for sure I just
remember watching it
that's not sticking in my head too much
about the little babies popping out but
look at all the little Godzilla's all
yeah then she's trying to she tries to
find them I think that's what it's all
about
but there you go you've seen the book
now you've seen the book you know the
actors and if you've seen the movie and
seeing the book now you've seen anything
we can show you at this point look at
that stunned look look at their head
just poking through so that's it not
much more we can do for you there but we
just wanted to show you and the cover is
textured so hard to see there but it's
really cool so on that level I think the
cover is the coolest artwork whoever did
that that's awesome so we do appreciate
you watching subscribe to the channel
there's links in the description below
check those out later thanks for
watching art nanak video and always
remember if you see lucky penny pick it
up